End of October was the wedding of Thai and Tram in Hanoi. Right thereafter a group wanted to do a tour of the Hà Giang loop. So I planned to go to Hanoi by bike and have my own motorbike available in the mountains. Events leading up to this journey made it all a little more time constrained.
## 09-25 Leave Vietnam for a Visa?
In early September it was finally decided that my course as "Culture of Vietnam and the Vietnamese Language" was accepted at the University of Education HCM. A welcoming ceremony was held on September 21st. In order to get my 1 year visa I have to leave Vietnam and receive it abroad. I would leave on September 25th, but the procedure needs 6 working days, and I would have to stay outside the country to wait for the invitation letter. Since a trip to Can Tho (Half marathon on September 14th) was planned for October 3rd to 6th, I postponed the trip to Cambodia.
## 10-07 Cambodia until October 20th
I left Vietnam as indicated on October 7th, but my application was only submitted on October 8th. While it was processed in Vietnam, I had to wait in Phnom Penh to finally get the invitation letter. On Thursday, October 16th it finally arrived. I went to the embassy, and it is only 145 USD if you wait 5 working days. Waiting 3 working days and you pay 160 USD. Or get it the same day for 205 USD. So I waited 3 working days (Thursday, Friday and Monday) to get the visa finally on Monday, October 20th. Time to return to Vietnam, start registration etc.
## 10-24 Saigon - Mang Den 624 km
I started early in the morning to avoid the rush hour in Ho Chi Minh City. Before lunch I was already in Gia Nghia, and shortly thereafter in Buon Ma Thuot. With sunshine I continued to Pleiku, Kon Tum and had the first raindrops after sunset closer to Mang Den.
